Update publish-workflow.md (#525)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/products-super-power/publish-workflow.md

# Which information is published?

> All you product values are frozen in your published product. If you change them later, in the working copy of your product, the changes won't be applied on your published product. This includes classification, product activation (enabled/disabled), group membership and family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All your product values are frozen in your published product. If you change them later, in the working copy of your product, the changes won't be applied to your published product. This includes attributes values, associations, categories classification, product activation (enabled/disabled), group membership and family.
```

> All your product values are frozen in your published product. If you change them later, in the working copy of your product, the changes won't be applied to your published product. This includes attributes values, associations, categories classification, product activation (enabled/disabled), group membership and family.

Reviewer 2: Beware that "product values" only refer to attribute values. A category classification is not a product value. ;)
